Week 1:-
Nothing about the course.

Week 2:-
Firstly my knowledge about current affairs improved a lot because I started reading about digital India startup's and I began to discuss about highly positioned people in India. I came to know about many startup's and the stories behind them. When I had a discussion with our friends we came up with some startup ideas. Some of them are:    
1. Gathering books orders from different communities and buying them in bulk. By this method we can
    save a lot money and give discounts to the customers.
2. Collecting videos related to smart city planes from the people, selecting the best among them and
    providing him a chance to present it to the government.
3. Creating a platform for Electrical engineers to submit their best circuit designs.
4. Building an app 'Step smash' (similar to Dum smash) . In this app we upload our photo and select the
    dance style we want and it shows our image dancing.
5. Online Linux terminal.
6. A customized app instead of Facebook, Gmail, Yahoo, Twitter, Quora and other social networking
    apps.
    
Week 3:-
1. I lost my confidence on the team project when I started hearing that it is a NP hard problem.
2. I was in a dilemm a whether to continue with the same project or go for some other idea.
3. I started reading some research papers on webportal product line but I didn't get some technics involved.

Week 4:-
1. I learned basic things about XML and javascript while coding signup page.
2. I started designing the outlook and the features to be added in the passion project.
3. I started questioning people about the features to be added in the existing courses portal to make it more friendly.

Week 5:-
1. I personaly experienced writing use cases,user stories, SRS and backlogs.
2. Myself and my team mate hasitha started coding the team project based on the reference code sent by the instructor.It was really helpful.
3. It has been an year since we had late nights and experienced it again because of SE. 

Week 6:-
1. Tried understanding the "Animation adult literacy" code and started coding our team project. 
Week 7:-
1. Cleared doubts about php parsing with sahal.
2. I am worried about building a frame work ( Web portal generator) from scratch i.e handling all the cryptographic techniques,user interfaces etc.. 
3. Started using Laravel framework.
4. Didn't concentrate more on the team project because of the assignment.

